# INFO 340 Project

Kina Chong, Hoda Ayad, Yohan Cho

This repository contains code for an interactive information web app, created for the _Client-Side Web Development_ course at the UW iSchool.

App Description:
For our initial project proposal, Campus Cloud is designed primarily for students: our application is meant to connect students with ambitious ideas and diverse skill sets. For example, maybe you’re a computer science major that wants to build a website but don’t know how to create an aesthetic UI. Or maybe you’re a design student with an idea but don’t know how to implement the most technical engineering aspects. Or maybe you’re an aspiring chef that wants to share your food with others. Cloud Campus is meant to give these aspiring students a place to find zealous peers across campus or nearby colleges as well. Many students may feel as if they are not getting opportunities or internships from established corporations because of a lack of experience or any number of factors. This app is built for students to pave their own way and create their own opportunities.

Within the web app, users will be able to create a profile to display basic information such as their name, year in school, college, and major. In addition, users will also be able to display their skills on their profile with tags and even display their resume for others to see. To get their ideas out there, users will be able to post their projects with a description, desired skills/positions, goals, size of the project, etc. To “apply” to projects, to get rid of the formal nature of job boards, students will be able to message the user(s) part of the project. To foster a community of collaboration, within each project, there will be discussion board posts for people to suggest ideas or comment what they think about the project, offering a low commitment avenue of interaction between users. For convenience, users will also be able to save interesting projects and search for projects based on location/campus. Most of the data that will be viewed will be user generated information. As mentioned above, users will be able to input their personal and professional information. In addition, information about the projects will be data that will be stored for reference whenever necessary. So things such as names, user names, birthdays, majors, colleges, and skill tags will be stored. Project name/id, description, and group members will also be stored in a database.

As college students, there is much emphasis put on finding a well-paying job or internship at a big corporation. This is reflected by the sheer number of job boards and job finding websites that exist. There are even various websites for students trying to find opportunities at startups. But what about giving students the opportunity to explore their own ideas and projects? Campus Cloud takes away from the stress of trying to apply to X number of jobs with the most perfect resume and cover letter. Instead, students are allowed to connect and contribute however much they feel. In addition, some sites, like Glassdoor and Hankshake, feel as if they are only meant for applying to jobs and other sites, like LinkedIn, have greater focus on networking and not so much applying to actual positions. Our web app strives to have a balance of finding potential projects to work on with other students while also serving as a place to network.
